How many more of these fools
do we have to befriend?
Look, I also hate this place.
But remember, we no longer have Ajay
to find us new passports
and travelers' cheques.
So if you want us to leave India,
we need them.
I thought you were in Paris,
Marie, having babies.
- Please, Mama.
- And now you're in Delhi?
And you are all over the newspapers.
It's not true.
I am innocent.
It was him. All of it.
I have to come home.
Now she wants to come home!
I have no passport, no money
You have to help me.
But how? Tell me, how? Marie-Andrée?
There was a time
I longed to have your child inside me.
But if it were born now
I would smash its brains out
in front of you.
Mr. Knippenberg?
He's not here, but he left these for you
with his respects.
- Thank you.
- Sir.
Thank you.
It'll be okay. Life goes on.
Are you still not feeling better?
I'm beginning to feel worried.
Should we go upstairs?
Come, I'll take you upstairs.
Can you bring me some water?
A glass of water?
Get some water, please.
Get a doctor. Please, we need a doctor.
Come on, don't let them get away.
- Somebody do something!
- What did he give us?
It was medicine.
Call the police.
- It was medicine, stay calm.
- Call the police.
Call the police!
He's got my bag!
Help me!
What do you want me to say?
You betrayed me.
I betrayed you? Me?
Yes. You.
You answered their questions.
You betrayed me.
I can tell you what's going to happen.
The Indians will release me
and I will be free again.
Bravo, my love. It was perfect.
Thank you, Juliette.
Constable! Detain that man immediately.
Don't let him leave.